Playlist Rec based on Show -User Stories:
As a fan of a particular show, I want to listen to music that reminds me of it.
Non-functional requirement: Reccomend users a playlist based on any show in MAL, regardless of popularity 
  functional requirement: Obtain data about a show's genre(s) through API and map the genre to a playlist category
  functional requirement: Use diff API to retrieve a playlist in that category.
Non-functional requirement:As a repeat user, I want to be able to discover new music -nf: present the user with multiple playlist options
  functional requirement: Use genres retrieved from MAL to generate multiple category keywords
  functional requirement: Through Spotify API obtain multiple (maybe a user specified number?) playlists in the same category

Online photo sharing website
User story 1: As a new user I want to register for a unique account so I can keep track of my online activities in a private safe environment.
Non-functional requirement: allow account registration and login, keep track of private informations
  functional requirement: use MySQL to create database to store the account information 
  functional requirement: use python to connect the Flask with MySQL to implement registration and login.
User story 2: As an existed user I want to comment and like my friends' post so I can achieve user interactions.
Non-functional requirement: allow friends to comment and like posts.
  functional requirement: use database to keep track of friends, comments, and likes. 
  functional requirement: use the friends table to give authorization to comment and like.

Project Idea: Rental Price Analysis
User stories:
as a potential tenant, I want to compare the price between rental listings to city housing data. 
non functional requirement: look up and compare the listing prices
  function requirements: Obtain public data through API and calculate differences
  function requirements: Indicate if rental listing is overpriced or underpriced
as a leaser, I want to know if I am listing my property at the most competitive price
non functional requirement: get a price recommendation
  function requirements: Obtain public data through API and calculate differences
  function requirements: calculate ideal price given desired profit as input
